Where is Ye San?
Hahahaha
Ye Shishu, I'm still telling the master today
You will definitely come
Welcome welcome welcome
Chairperson Wu
Ye Xiao, are you bringing me to meet Chairperson Wu?
No, Mr. Zhang
The person Uncle Ye is going to take you to meet is definitely not me
He's a big shot.
Your name is Uncle Supper
Yes, supper.
What's going on?
Let our Uncle Ye explain it to you slowly.
Yeah, it's a long story.
I will explain to you slowly when I have time in the future.
Let's go in. Hmm.
Nonsense! How did you take so long?
Come over here
I've already figured out the wave of the broken sister
With your skills, you still play chess with Wu Hongrong?
Why don't I dial a few with you?
Good night supper
Finally willing to come and see me
You're a doctor?
Move the prophet hahahahaha